hi my name is Larry holmberg from a
company called Vision Quest POV we put
cameras high-definition HD cameras on
rifles shotguns bows crossbows and
military weapons and we have numerous
cameras that I'd like to show you here
today this camera is what's commonly
known as a go pro style camera but our
cameras got our quality than the GoPro
our camera comes as a quick detachable
mount
as a video screen on the back of the
camera and it's completely waterproof
it's 1080p camera also comes with a
clamp mount so you can attach this mount
to a bowl stabilizer this camera is
called our hot shot three you can attach
this tube rifle shotgun whoa our
military weapon this is what the camera
looks like in its detached form
it also has a viewing screen on the back
of the camera and on the top button
buttons are on top hey this has comes
with a quick detachable Picatinny rail
mount where the camera platform sits on
it also comes with two scope mounts a 1
inch and a 30 millimeter scope model we
also have the kill shot brand of cameras
this particular model comes with a 1
inch scope mount you can attach the
rifle or crossbody this kill shot can't
model camera comes with a Picatinny rail
mount to attach to military weapons this
kill shot camera comes with amount to
attach to a 12-gauge shotgun
and of course this mob comes with a
stabilizer and the camera and mount to
attach to any ball and this is what it
looks like attached to a ball